feat(guide): add guide for rules api (#2242)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/guides/rules.md

```shell
echo "apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshTimeout
metadata:
  name: mtimeout
  namespace: kuma-demo
  labels:
    kuma.io/mesh: default
    kuma.io/origin: zone
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: Dataplane
    labels: 
      app: demo-app
  rules:
    - default:
        http:
          requestTimeout: 1s" | kubectl apply -f -
```

We can check now if policy was properly applied by making requests to our demo app:

```shell
kubectl exec -n consumer consumer -- curl -s -XPOST demo-app.kuma-demo:5000/increment -H "x-set-response-delay-ms: 2000"
```

Example output:

```
upstream request timeout
```

Now we can take a closer look at policy that we've just applied and see how it works.

### Selecting Dataplane resources

This policy selects only `Dataplane` that contains label `app=demo-app`. When selecting data planes you can do it in multiple ways.

You can select all data planes:

```yaml
targetRef:
  kind: Dataplane
```

You can select data plane by name and namespace:

```yaml
targetRef:
  kind: Dataplane
  name: demo-app
  namespace: kuma-demo
```

You can select data plane by labels:

```yaml
targetRef:
  kind: Dataplane
  labels:
    app: demo-app
```

> When your application exposes multiple named inbounds. You can select single inbound from your data plane by utilizing `sectionName` field.

Reviewer: How about using `inbounds(ports)` ?  I guess maybe it's easier for users to understand. WDYT?

Author: Good catch, but I've handled it differently I've linked to concepts page for inbound in intro to guide, so users at this point should understand what inbound it

```yaml
targetRef:
  kind: Dataplane
  name: demo-app
  sectionName: http-port
```

### Configuring incoming traffic with Rules API

As we can see in policy that we've just applied, we use `rules` field to specify configuration for all incoming traffic to our data plane.

```yaml
rules:
  - default:
      http:
        requestTimeout: 1s
```

> In this scenario we have applied **1 s request timeout** for incoming requests. At this point in time rules api is really simple.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this scenario we have applied a **request timeout of 1 second** for incoming requests. At this point in time rules api is really simple.
```

You cannot apply configuration to subset of incoming traffic. Because of this we don't support

> rules api for MeshTrafficPermission and MeshFaultInjection yet.

Reviewer: Just one idea when I was reading this section, how about put another subtitle for this paragraph like "Rules API VS From target" ? 

IIUC, the new `Rules API` is a substitute for the specific `from[].targetRef.kind=mesh` right ?
